and I just want more than anything like
if I could have one wish of a life even
if it meant like after my wish I had to
live on the streets for the rest of my
life I would wish to go into every
single slaughterhouse and free all those
animals some love I just want to build
awareness more than anything and that
one Hey all right we're gonna separate
the yolks and the white so white
we're gonna go in the mixing bowl the
yolks you're gonna go and I'm gonna mix
it
[Music]
so the mixture with the egg whites whose
can just go ahead and set aside my
mixers every year I'm gonna put it in
the mixer now coming back to the bowl
with the yolks in a I'm gonna give it a
quick little whisk
[Music]
teaspoon of vanilla
I was I the only one that as a kid I
thought vanilla extract smelled so good
that I would just take a spoonful of it
and then shook that it was alcoholic
that was scarring okay so vanilla
reading you're gonna have to stop
you're gonna annoy everyone anyway all
right whisking whisking whisking
whisking my fiends then just a tiny
splash of milk
I have almonds here that's fine I guess
it kind of realized in a way that even
if I can inform you know a thousand
people and maybe make some people
dislike me in the process that it's
worth it to me
[Music]